Something is very wrong inside me.
It's like a void.
I thought it started
when my sister died. but...
...now it feels like
something bigger.
Empty.
Or maybe I'm just bored.
Boo.
They send me on a mission.
I start it. I finish it. and that's it.
My job is to clean.
This week in Malaysia.
who knows the next.
I thought dedicating myself to my work was the answer.
But I can't focus. and I don't feel happy. and I don't have a purpose.
And without a purpose. I'm aimless. like a river.
Or like a leaf on a tree.
Or like a leaf floating in a river.
Which one sounds familiar...?
Hey!
Weren't you listening to me?
It seems your mind wandered elsewhere.
Well. never mind. you're no use to me.
Unless you help me with that facial recognition.
Hi.
How about you help me get in?
No?
You have your own problems here.
Well. they didn't detail how
to destroy the evidence during the mission.
This is going to be ugly.
Don't move!
Hey!
Looks like that face could open a scanner.
Did Valentina send you?
This investigation is property of the Ox group.
No. it's just...
You're going to tell me I don't understand. I already know.
-We're on the verge...
-They're on the verge of a breakthrough...
and that this will help the world.
No. no. no. maybe it'll destroy the world.
Valentina doesn't understand what happened here.
Hey. you can blame the government
for investigating.
Now I have to get rid of all this.
Do you think I like following orders?
Going from job to job doing
the same thing. All the time.
Don't do it?
I wouldn't do that.
I always see you with a gun.
I'm going to kill you!
If you shoot. I'll run.
Where are you?
Tell Valentina she's
making a mistake.
They always have bad aim.
There's always collateral damage.
Don't you want to say one last thing?
Project Sentry isn't what she thinks it is.
When you start sleeping.
Oh. shit.
I'm sure his face would open it.
Okay.
Yes. the mission is...
Give me a second.
Yes. the mission is complete.
What's next?
Representative Barnes. as a new member of Congress.
what do you have to tell us about the hearing?
I'm not part of this impeachment committee.
but the rumors of corruption
are troubling.
They are very disturbing and concerning.
And I believe my constituents in Brooklyn deserve better. so...
Let's get to the bottom of this troubling matter.
Thank you.
Today. the committee meets to examine the official before you.
There are several articles of impeachment against her.
And when we vote for her...
impeachment. she'll be removed
from office forever.
State your name for the record.
Valentina Allegra Da Fontaine.
Miss Fontaine.
No. it's Da Fontaine.
You forgot Da.
Mr. Anderson. for example.
is the Secretary of Defense.
Not the Secretary of Defense.
Ms. Da Fontaine. at this
time you are...
serving as director
of the CIA. correct?
Yes. that's correct.
And before that. you chaired the
board of directors of the Ox Group?
Yes. although I have completely stepped down from Ox since taking up my duties.
I'm on the board as a
strategic consultant only.
And following that strategic guidance.
The Ox group maintains very significant assets in unregulated laboratories...
in foreign countries.
And there are rumors of human experiments.
All as part of an illegal operation
to create their own superperson.
May I speak now. Congressman?
Speak.
First of all. I don't have
time to consider...
these absurd rumors and gossip.
Right now. there are so many
threats from nations...
that have technologies that far surpass ours.
And you'll remember that our last
president became...
a raging. red.
superhuman monster who...
almost destroyed this city.
The Avengers are no longer coming to save us.
We currently have no reliable heroes.
And that's why it's now on me. on us. the government officials.
To protect its citizens. and that's why...
Madam Headmistress.
Everything I did as head of both Ox and the CIA. I always did
with that clear objective in mind.
Go ahead. Madam Director.
I officially reject those
articles of impeachment.
It's a partisan waste of time.
And their hunt won't bear fruit. no matter...
if they go and search even the darkest corners of the earth.
So it doesn't matter if this committee
continues to investigate?
Oh. obviously not.
Fuck!
I need you to get
all this out of here and fast.
Yes. so far they've removed
the case studies...
Just get rid of anything
or evidence with...
that could destroy me
or send me to prison.
Avoid going to prison.
Our active covert operations?
Did you tie up the loose ends?
Everything's tied up. yes. but the loose ends are on fire.
What?
Do you want to talk like a normal person?
Okay. an agent blew everything up in a lab...
in the middle of a tour.
It doesn't matter anymore.
Did you assign each agent their new mission?
That's right. only one didn't confirm.
Where is she?
It's Bresnik anyway.
They love those little waves.
You're blocking me. you're in front...
You could leave it at the door!
Your insubordination will be reported
to Dordash headquarters.
Alexei. open the door.
Yelena?
I'm coming!
Oh!
RED GUARDIAN - LIMO SERVICE
-Protecting you from a boring evening.
Yelena. hi. nice to meet you.
Hi dad.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I was on an important call.
A secret call.
How long has it been. huh?
A year?
Wow. yeah. I think it's been a year.
Have you had a lot of work?
Oh. yeah. yeah. I have a lot.
a lot of work.
Me too.
So many things on my plate.
security stuff.
My limo business. you meet a lot of important people as a driver.
So. are you satisfied?
Oh. yes. yes. and very. very satisfied.
Moving to DC has been the best decision.
Isn't this place Baltimore?
No. Baltimore starts
on the next block.
Why the question?
What brought you here today?
I...
I want to talk to you about Valentina.
Okay.
A new mission. you're here
with The Red Guardian.
Do you want me to help you?
Oh. no. I think I'm going to quit.
I would burn this city down in a heartbeat
to work with her.
What?
You weren't feeling very satisfied?
Baby. I lied to you. look at this
place. I'm miserable.
Give me her number.
I'm not going to give it to you.
Give it to me so I can call her?
-But why don't you just...
-Alexei. shut up.
Baby. Baby. tell me. what's wrong with you?
Your inner light seems dim. even for someone who comes from Eastern Europe.
Lately I've been asking myself: what...
is the point of all this?
The point of working is fame and fortune.
Fortune buys friends
and love. and also...
very cool clothes.
Okay. thanks.
-Don't be...
-No. I'm fine.
Do you want me to tell you when
I felt happiest?
Yes. tell me.
When I served my nation.
like a hero.
saving civilians in the streets.
being cheered by...
the masses. worshipped
like a God.
It's the noblest thing there is.
Your sister understood a little what that was like.
Maybe it's time you followed in her footsteps.
Why do you have this photo here?
We were the worst.
They were happy.
I'll make you something.
Shall I tell you something?
I consider myself still a dedicated super soldier.
Maybe you could put in a good word for me
to that friend of yours. Valentina.
Okay. Val. I'm reporting to work.
What's my next mission?
Thank you. Miss Belova.
You had me anxious.
I need a change after all this.
Do you think so?
Yeah. maybe a more public and legal job.
Interesting.
Is Yelena ready to step out of the shadows?
Yeah. I don't like what I'm doing anymore.
It doesn't make me happy.
Okay. you know I love
supporting women.
Just complete your last mission
for Ox and we have a deal.
Done?
Done.
There's a storage center.
a vault.
in a mountain a mile and a half deep.
It contains all of the Ox Group's most confidential assets.
I've received reports that a rogue agent with...
tailor-made attributes to rob me is planning to...
Well. rob me.
I want you to follow the target inside and Find out...
what he's planning to steal there.
I'll add your biometric data to the system.
You'll have full access.
As soon as you figure out what he's stealing. you have authorization...
to eliminate the Goal.
And then. we'd be happy to find you
a job working for good people.
It's pretty simple.
just a small goal.
And you're free.
PLEASE DON'T LET GO OF IT
What's going on?
I didn't come for you. what are you doing?
I came for you.
I didn't come here for you.
I found you.
What are you nosy about?
No one will listen to you.
-Get out of my way.
-No!
Oh. no!
Is she really dead?
Hello. how are you?
I'm Bob.
And these are some Chitauri handcuffs.
recovered from The Battle of New York...
by first responders.
They came with the new ownership.
It reminds us that we've often fallen.
but we always get back up.
It's who we are. yes.
It is inspiring.
Thank you. Congressman.
It's great you were able to make it.
Yeah. it's a great fake event. Val.
The first responder fund.
That's right.
How cute.
Cute?
You're not going to sway the votes
to save your neck.
Okay. you have to get Mel back.
-Yes
-Thanks.
Using the Avengers as propaganda
shows your desperation.
If I truly believed that. I wouldn't have come.
He's scared because his investigation
by my office came back clean.
Sparkling clean.
It even seems like someone rushed
to get rid of the evidence.
Or that this person is
incredibly innocent.
Without some proof. this absurd
impeachment won't proceed.
Come on. turn around.
-Of course.
-Oh. thanks.
-I really appreciate it.
-Thank you very much.
What do you think?
-Hi.
-Mel. right?
I imagine it's ancient history to you.
In fact. Kierkegaard says that life is only...
understood by looking back.
Very true.
Is it?
I don't really know.
But it's convincing.
Although I did believe that it's up to individuals to create values.
I already know who you are and what you do.
What am I doing?
You want to convince me.
I know you're trying to get me on your side.
Okay. listen.
I...
You say you know who I am.
You know my story. what I did.
And you know I didn't choose who to work for.
But you did.
I don't want. I hope Valentina's late.
What is this?
Trash or what?
It's my card.
In case you need help or have any secret evidence to share.
Okay.
See you.
Who are you?
I'm Bob. I told you.
I'm Bob.
Yes.
Bob.
Yeah. I heard your name was Bob.
Who sent you. Bob?
No one.
Why are they sending me?
Were you sent?
Honestly. I don't know what's going on.
But they've had enough of me.
and the job's done.
Ah. as you can see. my job
is to keep an eye on you.
So no. I don't want you
to go somewhere else.
You keep an eye on her.
It's a good cover
for whoever came...
to steal Ox artifacts.
I'm not a thief. she is.
Okay.
It's clear we all work
for Valentina in...
different types of
covert operations.
Yeah. so what?
That everything here is Ox's secrets.
But so are we.
We overcame some obstacles
that no one will miss.
Why don't you just speak for yourself?
We are the evidence.
and this is the shredder.
They want to kill us.
Your theory is so weak.
Let's see. you're talking smart.
Okay.
Okay. let's look at the facts.
The phantom infamy.
A S.H.I.E.L.D. outcast...
wanted by fifteen nations?
Instead. the madwoman destroyed
half of Budapest.
Don't talk about her like that.
And you. a former Red Room assassin...
with blood on your hands.
That's funny coming from a Captain America cosplayer.
Just so you know. I was the official Captain America. okay?
Yeah. for like two seconds.
Then you publicly killed
an innocent man in...
the streets and I'm not wrong.
First. define "Innocent."
You know what? I'm a decorated combat veteran.
I have a beautiful wife and a son.
And the truth is. you are
common mercenaries.
Okay?
So now my duty is to arrest you.
We needed a laugh. thank you.
There was tension.
Did everything feel a little tense around here?
For a second.
Well. I can't leave without
completing my mission.
Valentina already assured me
that I'll start from scratch...
and I'm not going to miss it.
But this piece of shit
wasn't part of the deal.
So I have to know.
Who let you in?
I don't know. sorry. I forgot.
What a coincidence.
Okay?
I want you to tie yourselves up.
No. I'm leaving.
Did you hear that?
Cheers...
And then he said. it's not my preference.
Congressman Gary.
I have a plan.
Don't do that. Bucky.
The assistant is malleable.
Ductile?
Yes.
Good to know.
Better send me a text
like a normal person.
Okay. we're safe.
It's a blind spot. look away
from both cameras.
Hey. try to control yourself.
There's no need to hide
in the dark or whatever you're doing.
Control myself.
You don't know what Val is capable of.
We need to act quickly.
and the assistant is undecided.
They have clear evidence.
The best option to remove Val
from power is to influence the votes.
So help me with that and let
the system do its work.
The system?
What. you're going to rest every day at 4 p.m.?
We have a very good advantage. I assure you.
My team is starting to put together a detailed...
package for the next hearing.
Package?
Yes. Bucky.
Read the information.
Is it time yet?
I'm confirming that your
guests have arrived...
and that level five of the vault
has been sealed off.
Excellent.
Excellent. shall we move on to the finals or...?
Roast them.
Sure.
Are you sure?
Well. give me that.
Hey. mission or not. at least show a little respect.
Yeah. leave it alone.
Oh. let's see. let's see.
Aren't you going to use it anymore?
Do you want it?
What's all this?
This isn't a shredder.
It's an incinerator.
Two minutes and Valentina starts all over again.
No. you don't have any proof.
It could be anything.
It could be a warning that they're coming for me.
Can you feel that?
How the temperature suddenly rose and this vault became hot.
Yeah. it's an incinerator.
Oh. why do I have to burn to death?
And how would you rather die. Bob?
-Okay. little ghost.
-It's Ava.
Whatever your name is. it doesn't matter.
We have to make you cross the wall
to open the door.
He already tried to cross it.
I know he tried. but there's the...
sound barrier. we have to turn it off.
If they put it there just for her.
her power source is independent.
Then we have to find her.
What. what exactly are we looking for?
You and your stupid questions. Bob.
I think I found it.
Move!
Okay. I know how to deactivate it.
Move over!
That works too.
You run and do what you have to do.
Do you think she'll come back?
The poor thing has already left.
Yelena!
Yelena. let's go!
What?
Lunch will be over soon.
Why did you bring us so far?
Anya. this way!
No!
Sorry.
Well done. Yelena. Your first test is now complete.
Are you okay?
Yes. very well.
Hey!
I thought you weren't coming back. thanks.
I had to...
Someone unplugged the elevator.
What a beautiful evening.
I'm happy to be here with you.
Okay. now that it's gone wrong.
just tell me what?
Oh. it's just that your...
guests.
I don't know how. they avoided
the welcome gift.
Oh. I'm dying.
And maybe. maybe it's possible that maybe...
they also united against you.
Mel. they are complete
losers.
They're an antisocial tragedy in human form. I'll tell you one thing:
I don't think there's a worse group of people working together. imagine.
I know.
It's just...
What?
They're...
working together.
God...
Who's that over there?
I have no idea.
I want you to identify the stranger.
Figure out how
this piece of shit...
sneaked into my supposedly
impenetrable fortress.
I understand.
And find Holt and give him
the coordinates to the location.
I want a strike team
on the move immediately.
Let's end this now.
Okay.
I'm calling him.
Holt. it's Mel.
Shall I give you the coordinates?
40.2...
We all have a reason
for being here. except him.
Hey. Bobby.
Stop mumbling and talk to us.
-That's stupid.
-No. Walker.
I need to know how you got in.
so stop playing games and tell me.
I swear I don't know.
When I woke up. he was already here.
One moment they were
drawing my blood...
for a medical test. and the next I woke up here.
in my pajamas. I have no idea what happened.
Okay. show me where you woke up.
In there.
Where everything is on fire.
You say what suits you best.
Walker. relax.
And you don't remember anything?
Did they cover your head.
needles in your neck?
No.
Did they strangle you. hit you?
I think he's just a civilian.
If he's a civilian. he knows too much.
If he's an officer. he's useless.
I say we throw it in the fire.
Excuse me. were you really Captain America?
Why does it make you laugh?
You're just. you're an idiot.
That's it.
I thought it was funny. just look at you.
Uh. wow. okay. okay. wow. wow. wow. yeah...
They had their ego contest.
They had a lot of fun.
You go over there.
Bob. come with me.
Let's see. did he hurt you?
No. I'm fine. fine.
I don't think you're that well.
The thing is.
we barely met.
that's right. that's who I am.
Oh. are you one of those who talks to yourself?
Yes.
Emotional aggression.
What. What's happening is that he insulted me so much
that I didn't want to...
Oh. I understand. he's an idiot. but we have...
to work together
to get out of here. so...
It would be best if you both
leave without me.
Oh. no. you'll die if you stay.
Yeah. well. anyway.
I think. I think that...
everyone will be better off if they leave
and let me stay.
Okay. listen. I understand you.
we all feel...
horrible sometimes. and that
loneliness you feel...
I've felt it. and that.
that darkness is...
too tempting
and you feel something strange inside you.
almost as if existed...
A void.
Yes. a void.
And what do you do about it?
You push it to the bottom.
you have to push it to the bottom.
I like it. great advice. really?
You're welcome.
If your therapy's over.
I got you a way out.
Hey. we're all alone.
We have to stay together
until we get to the surface...
And when we get out. if you want to fight...
the super soldier and let him kill you. that's up to you. okay?
Okay.
Yes.
If a resolution isn't reached for the impeachment...
Stupid packages.
Blah. blah. blah. how boring.
Hello.
Hi. I'm Mel.
Mel. hi.
Is that you?
Of course.
I know you're new to DC. so I thought I'd do some networking.
Networking?
Tell me. how do you feel about your new job?
I feel good. I love it.
It's not ancient history.
I was in high school when...
The aliens arrived
and the Avengers.
In high school?
I was 90.
It feels weird that that's over. right?
In the end. the Avengers are gone.
I don't think anyone's coming to save us.
I think we can save them.
All I ask is that you testify against them.
Bucky. you have no idea what my boss is like.
We can protect you.
Really?
Can you?
And that's coming from the freshman congressman who has...
laws to pass
or the Winter Soldier?
Mel. please.
Tell me what you know.
You know how to track my phone. right?
Yes. I know how to do it. but
I'm done with that life.
Okay. thanks. Congressman.
Have a nice night.
So. no one knows how to fly?
We hit. we shoot. and that's it.
Okay. relax. I'll take care of this.
I want you to jump again.
We're too low.
Okay. why don't you try...
...climbing over the wall and we'll...
throw a rope down?
-Yeah.
-That's it?
Look. first of all. someone other than you has to ask me.
And secondly. I have to know
where I'm going because I've never
maintained it for more than a minute.
If I get lost in the concrete. I'd end up crushed.
Do you understand?
Just a minute?
You better not comment.
I'm tired. we're disgusting.
I have an idea.
Right. left. right.
Which one of you is wet?
He sweated a lot. sorry.
Does anyone have really hard buttocks?
That's not my buttocks. it's my suit.
Well. what's such an uncomfortable suit?
Oh. sorry for the inconvenience.
I've just spent my entire life stuck in...
labs connected to machines...
...to create this physical cage that prevents...
my material body from suddenly disintegrating.
Yes. I apologize for that.
Don't start the game of the most tragic story because I win.
Here's an enslaved child murderer.
I say you were just a child.
Oh?
So what I did was X?
I just mean.
it was never your fault.
Thanks. I feel much better.
Shut up!
Okay. okay.
Ready.
Right. press.
Oh. what's that exclamation about?
Please don't surprise me.
It's the unknown. it's the...
Project Sentry?
No. everyone who was involved in that
project is dead now. Mel.
That's why we're in this shitty mess.
Yeah. but look. here it is.
Robert Reynolds entered the
pre-trial program in Malaysia.
And he had a very difficult life before that.
One of the test subjects.
How did he get into my vault?
He was supposedly dead.
You sent him there with the rest of the evidence.
If he survived the procedure. that means...
Yeah. maybe it did work for him.
Oh. that's amazing.
Crazy. he didn't even see the floor!
We can not talk about
how high we are...
because heights make me dizzy.
I think I saw a door.
There it is.
Okay.
Did I see it?
Right there.
Now what?
Oh. I think one of us.
Has to go in.
First.
And the other three are going to go to the bottom?
Damn.
Sorry.
No. I don't think this was a good plan.
You and your plans. Bobby?
He only does those difficult things.
Oh. my boots are slipping.
I don't think I'll last much longer.
I know.
Give me your stick.
I'll catch him.
What?
Did you hear that?
Of course not.
What you want is to leave us.
Okay.
Let's turn around. and then
I'll pull you in.
I don't think we can make it all the way around.
Someone has to get in first.
Pumpkin. pumpkin. pumpkin.
What?
Did you have to go to the bathroom?
If you want to stop a sneeze. you always have to confuse your brain.
That's why I yell pumpkin.
Ok.
Oh. I have to sneeze. but if I sneeze. I'll lose all my balance.
This is crazy.
I can get you all out of here.
I just have to go first.
No. no. no.
I don't like your choice.
Oh. no.
Pumpkin. pumpkin. pumpkin.
Ah. how stupid.
Give me that cane now.
No!
Selfish jerk.
Better be thankful I saved you.
I made a tactical decision
that ensured my own...
integrity and yours as well.
Could you at least thank me?
Can you still do it. Bobby?
It wouldn't hurt to go to the gym
every now and then.
-John
-What?
You're taking care of him.
Yeah. I told you I was going to take care of him.
THE FALL OF A HERO
THE JOHN WALKER STORY
-John.
-What?
Olivia. what?
Pay attention.
I'm looking after him. he's okay.
Don't let go of the phone.
If you don't like how I take care of it.
then do it yourself. okay?
Don't panic.
Okay.
Walker.
Did you log out or something?
I'm fine.
Okay. let's get out of here.
Okay. let's come up with a plan.
Here's what we're going to do.
Oh. you're the boss. no way.
I'm the only one who'll get them out of here.
I think I'd rather give up first than go with you.
Oh. really?
Well. save yourselves however you can.
Why would we put you in charge?
You almost killed us all in that tunnel.
Well. I'll tell you.
I've been in the trenches
of every country in...
war on this planet.
I rescued who knows...
how many hostages and shook the hands
of two of our presidents.
What else?
Ah. football champion.
Many. many times in high school.
Oh. wow.
At five. I joined a kids' soccer team.
the West Chesapeake Valley Thunderbolts...
sponsored by Shane Tires.
We won zero games. and one day a girl.
Mindy pooped halfway through the court.
Does anyone else have a silly
childhood story to tell?
I grew up in a lab.
I worked in a chicken costume
and took drugs.
It was a summer job.
Sure. okay.
I have a plan.
Cause an explosion
to force them in.
No. no. no.
Too many variables with one explosion.
They turn on their night vision.
You stop the first wave. but first...
Wait for me to turn on the light to blind everyone.
Why do I have to wait for you?
It'll only work if you wait for me.
What a bad plan.
Ava is looking for an escape vehicle.
How can I support them?
You stay behind me. Bob.
We have to do it.
How's everything going?
We are ready.
I've got every angle covered.
They have no way out.
The team is ready to go in.
Follow non-lethal attack protocol.
Non-lethal?
No one warned me it wouldn't be lethal.
I'm warning you now. Holt.
Is it what?
I was just focused on planning a lethal offensive.
Then alter the plan. Okay?
There's someone inside
who I don't want to get hurt.
Strike Team 4. move in now.
Non-lethal force.
We'll turn them back on in a minute.
Okay.
Give me a gun or something?
No. I don't think so.
But we're going to have to go out and fight.
right?
I'll fight. and I'll cover you too.
In the clinical trial. I was going to get better...
And that's why I feel I can help.
You said you didn't remember anything they did to you.
No. they didn't tell me.
They just told me it was for people who...
wanted to change a lot of things
in their lives for the better.
You can trust me. Bob.
Are you sure?
No. not really.
Yes. I've always suffered from these episodes
since I was a child.
I'm happy. then depressed. and then my
memory goes blank.
But now I feel like maybe...
I don't know. that something bad happened or I did
something very bad.
Everyone here has done something wrong.
I think this was another kind of...
Oh.
Lights!
No.
Why didn't they come on?
You have to turn the power back on to blind the officers. otherwise...
Yeah. I know all that. Bob.
That was your plan.
You're not helping me. Bob!
Give it to me!
Follow me.
I hate to say this. but
I think Walter is now...
His name is Walker. Bob.
Turn on the lights. Yelena.
I have to do everything myself.
I'll repeat it.
Tango Fox Prot Lima. requesting a report.
Perfect reports understood.
Next team. enter now!
Where is it?
He left us.
Save yourselves however you can. okay?
Come here.
Get down!
I can help!
Stay behind me!
Calm down!
Here!
I warned you!
But I can help you!
Move forward. move forward.
Take this!
How do I use it?
Point and shoot!
What do I do?
Sorry!
Bob!
Aim higher!
You did great!
But not at me.
Don't shoot!
Stop!
It's me...
John. you've got it!
Where were you?
And you!
The explosion burned the cables.
I told you. Oh. too many variables.
I already knew it.
And then you didn't wait for me.
Yes. I did wait for you!
-And then...
-What's going on there?
Should we use lethal force?
Okay.
Yeah.
We have like 60 seconds
before they mobilize.
If the Phantom Lady did what we asked her to do.
maybe we'll be able to escape
from here alive.
I don't want to be bothered anymore.
Shut up. Bob.
Remember. you're hurt.
We need a truck.
Where's Ava?
She's gone.
It's obvious she left us.
Now what?
Hey!
Get in!
Are you going to be okay back here?
Yes.
Yes?
-All right.
-Okay.
This is your second time back.
It was the only way out. okay?
That's why.
That's not true.
Look. let me talk. okay?
Don't overdo it.
Okay. Small.
Identify yourselves. soldiers!
Part of the medical team.
We have wounded to take to the hospital.
The infirmary is on the north side.
No. there aren't enough in the infirmary.
We must leave the base.
No one leaves the facility until the mission is complete.
The order is to not deviate from protocol.
You must identify yourselves.
No.
Wow!
You convinced them.
Remove your helmets and everyone identify yourselves.
Now. soldiers.
You're messing with the wrong person.
Hey. I'm here!
Move forward!
He's already helping us.
Open fire!
Finish this!
I want him on the ground!
Shoot!
-What do you think you're doing?
-I'm doing this for safety.
Cease fire. cease fire!
Cease fire!
Okay. we have to go.
React. that's why he did it.
He's up!
He says it's there.
Come on. you have to reconnect me
to the satellites.
I need to know exactly where he's going.
and I need it now.
In fact. I think he's coming this way.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
What is he doing?
No!
My knees.
I'll take the Uber.
I don't understand anything.
I know. what was that?
That was her.
She did that to him.
He turned it into a Tomahawk cruise missile.
And he was right. he wants us all dead.
Experimenting on someone is inhumane.
All for nothing.
No. because he has what he wants.
And he's going to use it.
What's this?
The power of 1.000 suns
exploding.
The golden guardian of good.
What a name.
Wow!
Sentry.
I like the suit. it's striking.
Do you know anything about it?
No. I heard some rumors that Oxy is going to be a very. very important discovery.
Whatever it was. it was too extreme.
The test subjects died.
The government stuck its nose in.
Val shut everything down...
and sent me to clean up.
Let's try to get home without Val killing us.
We'll have to move.
Is anyone hungry?
I found some tunas.
Let's see how they're doing.
By the way. the woman in the
vault who...
Did you know her?
Actually. yes.
Her life was difficult.
She killed many people.
and then it was her turn.
The same thing is going to happen to us.
Life sucks.
Yes. but...
What other life can we have?
That's what someone says. someone who has a beautiful.
perfect family waiting for them at home.
Yes. yes.
How do you do it?
Well...
You have to work hard every day.
And not give up.
Very nice.
Dr. Phil. that was touching.
That program doesn't even exist anymore.
Sure. I watch it.
No. it was canceled a few years ago.
It was a good show while it was on. but it disappeared.
Maybe you watch it on YouTube or something.
because they don't show it on cable anymore.
Val. it doesn't look good at all.
Seven newscasts have already reported the explosion.
One has already linked the vault to Ox.
And I have fifteen messages from the members of the Chamber who were on your side.
I know I don't say this often. but no...
You know how much it impresses me
that in circumstances like...
this. you can get me
a good cup of coffee.
You do a very good job.
Thank you.
Okay. time to improvise.
I need another team of scientists
and I want them there when we arrive.
In DC?
No. the New Place.
But we abandoned it without remodeling
when we canceled the project.
Exactly. we've officially canceled it.
What do you know about Yelena and the others?
Nothing.
Eliminate them. Mel.
They're the last piece of evidence.
Okay.
Let me know when our swaddled child arrives in New York.
Those birds fly very high.
They're doing reconnaissance at 1.200 meters. I doubt they know what they're doing.
In a little while they'll be five or ten clicks away.
Yes. Walker. you're a soldier.
we already know that.
Five or ten clicks to the side.
There.
It's a...
What is it?
I don't know anymore.
Oh. no.
That...
is coming toward us.
And who is that?
It's nobody.
It's nothing.
Someone kill me.
Yelena!
I'm your daddy!
Don't go into the vault!
Valentina wants to burn you alive!
Really!
I cheated a little to pick up Miss Fontaine at her elegant event.
It was to do some networking.
but as soon as I heard...
that he mentioned the coordinates
of the vault. I went back...
via tactical beast to my house and
then drove straight here.
This country is so vast.
Have you driven through Oklahoma?
It's so flat.
Oh. I forgot to tell you. don't drink
from the glass on the floor.
Alexei. have you slept yet?
I'm going to sleep when I die.
I wish I didn't die today.
What if you're better off handling someone else?
Mr. Walker. the second version of Captain America.
You and I have a lot in common. in fact...
I was also state-sponsored as a super soldier in Russia.
But also very different.
because Walker at least...
does know what he's doing.
And a ghost.
Ah. you're a magician.
You. you disappear.
then you reappear.
Hey. when you reappear.
have you ever had a...
bubble on your buttocks?
Oh. the best thing in these cases is to
ignore it completely and totally.
I'm impressed by the friends
who come with you.
We're not friends. Alexei.
We're just criminals
that no one wants.
Well. whatever they are. your inner light is shining. Yelena.
I know what they are.
They're a team of daring antiheroes.
Sure. tough Thunderbolts.
What?
-Yelena...
-Oh. why?
Did you name them after
your children's soccer club?
Oh my God!
Don't do this to me. I don't deserve this.
The West Chesapeake Valley Thunderbolts. sponsored by...
Dimitri. elite industrial lighting and electronics.
They've never won a game.
But Yelena had a lot of fun. once...
a little girl pooped.
during the game.
really crazy.
I fought the referee. but it wasn't...
We were sponsored by Shea's Tire Store.
Shea?
Yes.
Where did you get that it's Shea?
He was it. he sponsored us.
Did they never have enough money?
Yeah. it was him.
No. Shea. what a bad joke.
Hey. you really need a nap. Dad.
Hey. what if you told me about that...
Bob you mentioned. what's the plan?
Where am I going to take them?
It's not what you think. We have to escape and then hide.
Yes. it's more practical if we split up.
There's an airbase not far from here.
We can disappear from there.
Separate!
No. no. no!
Maybe you don't see what I see.
but with my experience of so many years here...
About two hundred?
This could become a great team
that has to rise to glory.
A team that can rise
and brighten the darkness.
A team of heroes.
One of those who kiss the cereal in the morning.
With one of those little toys.
No. no. this isn't a marketing opportunity. okay?
Valentina is hunting us.
and we can't win.
Is that clear?
Yes. I understand. you don't.
Are you saying that Valentina
wants to use the power...
of this strange project
to dominate us and kill us?
Exactly.
And that's why you have to
confront her. you and your team.
A caravan is approaching
and it's coming really fast. hit it.
Right!
If you hit the turbo. it's for today.
Yes. yes. give me a minute.
Okay. hit it.
Hold on. hold on.
Alexei!
Don't worry. it's okay.
It's bulletproof. okay?
I'm activating defensive maneuvers.
Oh my God!
It's annoying.
I think there's a button there that should work.
Answer.
Nothing here is useful?
Put on your shield!
It wasn't bulletproof!
No. completely!
You're useless!
There are hands for criticizing. but they don't help!
Time to open the drink service!
Come on. ghost. give me something to scratch!
I don't think it's appreciated!
Vodka. vodka. alcohol!
Tell me it's not true.
This isn't the time!
You drunken old man!
No. no. no!
Lightning Bandit!
Okay. I'll be right back.
I hope so.
Yelena. what are you doing?
There's nothing you can do!
What?
It's Bucky!
The Winter Soldier.
The best soldier I've ever seen!
Yes!
Me too!
He's...
Why did you call an emergency session of the impeachment committee?
I'm just going to say that I received information from...
a reliable source and I'm going to present new evidence.
And that evidence is solid.
The impeachment was just the appetizer.
This is going to give Ms. Fontaine a warm cell...
in a federal prison.
I've been told the impeachment committee is meeting tonight.
This is serious. Val.
Is the lab operating at 100%?
Yes. but everything else is 70% complete.
Let's see. Mel. we'll make it.
Welcome to the watchtower.
Val. something very bad happened in Malaysia.
Have you read his file yet?
Delusions of grandeur. depression.
Someone so unbalanced.
amplified by the treatment.
They only had test subjects.
In those labs. none of them were supposed to survive.
Do I look motherly like that?
Very motherly.
Hi.
Tell me. how are you feeling. Robert?
Are you comfortable?
Yes.
My name is Valentina
Allegra Da Fontaine.
Oh. no. no. no. you tried
to kill me. didn't you?
Let me explain.
Will you let me do this?
Yes.
You volunteered to be part of a study that was going on. and they explained it to you like this.
at the forefront of human improvement.
But not everyone could withstand all the greatness we had in mind.
What happened to Yelena?
Yelena?
Ah. the people who were with you
aren't honest or good...
They're criminals. villains in fact.
No. no. they saved me.
Robert. it's better to forget them and
let's start focusing on you.
and how perfect you are.
Perfect. right?
You've always seen yourself
as a victim.
but you got over it in the end.
You traveled to Malaysia. feeling lost and looking for something.
and you ran into me.
Who. who told you all that?
I know your whole life.
I know about your mother's mental illness...
I know about your addictions.
your childhood history.
In fact. I even know everything about
the times your father spent at Christmas...
Come on!
No. no. I never said
you could know that.
Robert. I know everything there is to know
about you.
and yet I still want you
to be my hero.
And isn't that what you want?
To finally be accepted.
to finally be recognized.
No one notices. but I do.
And I think maybe your past was
what made you so perfect.
Stay quiet. Valentina.
Completely calm.
no matter what you hear.
Promise me?
Did I do something wrong?
The man from the village asked where We live.
He said he was your friend.
so I told him.
Yeah. well. he was.
Remember I told you not to talk to anyone?
Yes. Dad. I'm sorry.
Okay. Just stay
hidden from me.
You know...
I've been in this business
for a long time.
There's always someone like you.
smart. but conceited.
A hungry dog ??who already
had a bone in his mouth.
Let's have a drink. shall we?
Still think you can get away with this?
Don't worry. I'll take care of your sweet Valentina.
Would you excuse me for a moment?
No. wait. wait. wait.
I know I'll handle it.
Good.
Good?
I want the press here.
in the morning.
I want to show the world the work I did.
Val...
If you give a man like Steve Rogers the serum. he becomes Captain America.
But with a man so unstable. really.
Who knows what he could have done to him?
That's why we included protections.
like the kill switch.
Yes. but we'll throw it away
along with everything else.
Well. we have to put it back together.
I don't care at all
who he was before.
I'm interested in what he can become.
Get the press here.
Oh. no. no. no!
Just when I had
gathered my team.
Sir Soldier. you're making
a terrible mistake.
Save it for the committee.
What committee?
It will be evidence in the
dismissal against Valentina.
We don't work for Valentina anymore.
because she tried to roast us.
And she ordered us to destroy all her secrets.
She sent us to kill each other
in the vault.
But we met Bob.
Yes. Bob.
There was a man in the vault.
She did something weird to him.
It's called Project Sentry.
We saw him shoot into the sky.
That's when he exploded.
And then he crashed into a mountain.
And then he died. but he didn't die...
Yeah. I get it.
It's very. very scary.
-How rude.
-Okay.
Congressman Barnes.
Let's see. Walker.
And what about that formality?
You already know me. Bucky.
Don't be an idiot and listen to what we're saying.
Of course I know you. John.
And you made your choices.
It's been tough since Olivia left
and took your son.
But in the end. it's your fault.
Bucky. there won't be a committee left.
Maybe there won't even be a government left.
He has a...
Threat.
Yes. I get it.
His name is Bob or Sentry. and he flies.
Right?
And they're the heroes who will face Val to save the day.
You expect me to believe that?
We were planning to go after her together.
We were just trying to get home alive.
You'd be embarrassed to say that.
Yes. I know. that's what I was telling you.
Shut your mouth.
The plane is landing in six minutes.
Hello?
Bucky. help me.
Yes?
Yes. what's going on?
Val's losing his mind.
Look. Project Sentry isn't just a failure. it's very dangerous.
Project Sentry?
Yes. several times.
When?
She has a lot of power in her hands.
And this man is just a potential disaster.
- Are you talking about...?
- Bob.
Bob?
Bob!
We're at the former Avengers Tower.
The press is coming tomorrow morning.
Someone has to do something.
Sorry. I have to get back. but come back soon.
Bring whoever you want.
As many as you can.
Bob.
We told him.
Oh my God.
This is bad. Bucky.
What are you doing?
Free them.
They're coming with me.
Why?
For glory.
Well. you know Valentina.
And now she has that power.
I don't want her to hurt others.
so I'm going to stop her.
And you're going to help me.
What?
Us?
Yeah. or are you going to be busy?
Bucky. we're the least likely.
I've been where you guys are.
They can run. but the past
never disappears.
Sooner or later it catches up with them.
And when it does. it's too late.
Either they do something to change it now.
Or they live with it forever.
Stop Val and save Bob.
Come on.
Okay?
Yeah. now what?
Yeah!
What did you think this job would be like?
I don't know.
I hope I did something good.
Okay.
Good girl.
Good job.
Do you just want to be good?
Or do you want to be a person
who can change the world?
Both of them. I don't know...
can?
I thought you also wanted to change
the world for the better.
Mel. the desire for justice without power
is just an opinion.
Look. you've been taught to believe that there are always
good people and bad people.
But as the years go by. you end up understanding.
that there are bad people and people
even worse than that.
And that's the way it is.
Let me know when you come to your senses.
I don't know.
No. relax.
What if you do it again?
Yes.
Just focus.
I have a lot of faith in you.
Did I really do it?
You can do whatever you want.
People think they know you.
They think you're just Bob.
Poor Bob!
You know I'm the only one who recognizes the
true potential in you. Robert.
And it has no limits.
Ready for the next lesson?
And I also have these mini
Widow Bites. how about that?
Yes. I remember very well.
I have this Gloxite.
45.
Long barrel.
Wow.
Privacy.
It's big and it's long.
Yes. but it's because...
Well. yes. I think it is a bit long.
And you have your hat there too. right?
You throw away your helmet.
Is that what you're talking about?
Yeah. however you want to put it.
It looks cool.
Do you like it?
Do you like the hat?
Yeah. I feel like it.
Awesome.
That's it.
What kind of super serum did you get?
I don't know. the regular one?
The Hydra one?
Hydra?
Very refined.
Mine was a Soviet imitation.
but it's still useful.
We're the same. you and I.
We're different. but also the same.
We can share leadership.
Different.
If you get tired. I'll drive.
I never get tired.
No. I meant it metaphorically.
I don't even like driving.
Are we close yet?
Yes. almost.
Yes. very close.
Okay.
Okay. Soldier. what's our plan going to be?
The plan?
Yes.
Finish them off!
Catch them!
I love this!
They're coming from your right!
You're crazy!
I literally just painted the walls.
I left the door open for you.
You can come up.
Come on!
Isn't it crazy to think about all the...
monumental fights that took place
right where you are now.
Well. I'm not really interested.
The building wasn't cheap.
but it has a great view.
This ends today. Valentina.
This is as far as you go.
Congressman Barnes.
Wow. if I'm honest. I never saw much of a future in your political career. but...
Not even making it halfway through a term?
How ugly!
You better give up. Val.
I don't think so.
Very pirate-like attempt by Captain America.
Walker!
Nice to see you. Ava.
Yelena?
And those hair?
Do you think you're ready for that public office you kept asking me for?
Go to hell. Valentina.
Where's Bob?
Look at you.
Seriously. you're all adorable.
Who would have thought I sent you to the vault...
to kill each other and instead of...
you decided to team up instead?
And this Santa Claus burger?
I'm Alexei Shostakov.
The Red Guardian.
What?
Where's Mel?
Mel?
Oh. Mel. yes.
Mel has had some loyalty issues. but...
I'm so grateful
she stayed...
long enough to draw them here.
I didn't come alone.
Robert?
Oh my God!
Is that Bob?
I think they gave him a bath.
It's my true honor to introduce Sentry to you.
Guys.
Wow. that's a cool name.
All-powerful. invincible.
stronger than all...
Avengers Assemble.
And soon they'll know him as the most powerful hero
in existence.
Hey. did you bleach it?
Yeah. it was...'s idea.
Yeah. it was my idea.
People love classic heroes.
Okay. I'm asking. what's the plan?
You still haven't figured it out. Bucky. damn it.
At least the handsome guy helps you.
You're not going to hurt anyone else.
Oh. no.
No. that was never my intention.
Except for you guys.
You see. right now
the press is coming this way.
And you're about to witness the awesome power...
of the Sentry. who will be subduing a savage...
group of rogue agents.
Thus beginning a new era in which...
I decide how to keep the American people safe.
Without being accountable to anyone.
I will never be removed from office.
That...
is never going to happen.
Sentry. your first mission is to
get rid of these criminals.
Hey. I don't want to hurt you.
Why don't you just give up without a fight?
I know you don't want to do that. Bobby.
You can call me Sentry.
Just think. don't do it. you don't have to do what she says.
Robert. they think you're not capable.
That's not true.
Do you remember?
Trust me. I know you.
I don't think so. Yelena.
I'm done with this!
No one messes with the pride of the Chesapeake Valley!
The Thunderbolts!
Thunderbolts?
No. no. no!
Hey!
Alexei. no!
No. Bob!
I'm so glad you could see a
demo before your...
...immediate withdrawal.
The cameramen are getting ready.
Finish the job. Robert.
Finish the job?
No.
Excuse me?
They're not threatening me. so...
Why do I have to kill them?
You have to do what I tell you. Robert.
Why?
Okay. we need another plan.
No. it wouldn't do any good.
That team thing...
...is very...
-...powerful.
-We have to...
...regroup and think.
There has to be a way to stop him.
We're not going to regroup.
we're not even a team.
Of course we're a team!
We're the Thunderbolts!
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's from a children's team...
We need to find a shelter and discuss it.
Discuss what?
Let's regroup and
let's go back inside!
And he turned my shield into a taco!
Fuck!
Shut up!
There's no... here.
...us. Nothing unites us here.
Bob turned into that thing...
...and there's nothing any of you can do.
And what exactly did you do?
If I'm not mistaken. you got a beating
much worse than I did.
Yeah. yeah!
I'm disgusting!
I'm terrible!
We all are!
Ava. you're not a hero. you're not even a good person.
Damn.
See?
Calm down.
Alexei. don't call me Rumnishka!
You left and I didn't hear from you
for a whole year.
Hey. don't be so cruel to him.
Oh. have you become empathetic yet?
Now it's my turn.
No. you know you're trash. Walker.
Even your family left you.
How cruel.
We're all losers.
And we lost.
Yelena!
I want it to be more of a collaboration.
The hair thing. for example.
Maybe my opinion should have counted more.
Don't let those idiots make you doubt.
Blonde suits you.
Are you sure?
Because at first I thought I liked it.
but or I'm not sure anymore.
Leave that alone. okay?
This isn't just about the hair.
But you keep talking about the same thing.
I mean everything!
Because of my suit. my name. my missions.
Also...
Why...
Why would a God...
...follow orders from
anyone else?
I think your idea of ??what a God is seems unclear.
No. no. no.
Because you said he was all-powerful.
invincible. and stronger than everything...
a team of Avengers that includes
at least one God. Or not?
But I'm starting to think that maybe...
...you don't know what I am. do you?
No. I just know it'll get complicated.
Or what I'm capable of.
It's better if I teach you.
This is so irritating.
Did you want to betray me too?
Just like everyone else.
Don't think I'm scared of you. Robert.
It's not Robert you should be afraid of.
What?
Clever girl.
You've come to your senses.
Come on. help me.
I want a raise.
Okay. very well.
They'll come and take your body away.
And tell Holt he can use lethal force on those Losers.
Yelena!
Little one.
Leave me alone.
No. of course not.
Oh. well. but follow me forever.
I'm going to do it. because that's what
a family does.
You don't care about me. shut up.
Or else. you would have called me.
And you never called me.
I lost my sister again.
But forever.
And you disappeared.
My beautiful little girl. forgive me.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm no good at this.
I didn't think you wanted to see me.
Of course you do.
Now I know.
A little late. but...
Here I am.
I don't feel so alone.
I have nothing left in my life.
I'm home alone. looking at my phone.
thinking about the horrible things I've done...
before. and then I go to work. and then...
I drink. and then I go back home
where no one is.
And I just sit there thinking about the horrible things I've done over and over again.
and it drives me crazy.
We all have things to regret.
Yes. but I have too many.
My first test in the red room.
Anya was just a kid. she was so small.
Just like you.
I know.
I know those were dark times.
So. so much darkness. but...
But before...
You were so sweet and special when you were a child.
Had anyone told you?
If you entered a room. you filled it with light.
You were such a happy little girl.
I've already forgotten how it feels.
You were so cute.
Or I'm not sure anymore.
Leave that alone. okay?
This isn't just about the hair.
But you keep talking about the same thing.
I mean everything!
Because of my suit. my name. my missions.
Also...
Why...
Why would a God...
...follow orders from
anyone else?
I think your idea of ??what a God is seems unclear.
No. no. no.
Because you said he was all-powerful.
invincible. and stronger than everything...
a team of Avengers that includes
at least one God. Or not?
But I'm starting to think that maybe...
...you don't know what I am. do you?
No. I just know it'll get complicated.
Or what I'm capable of.
It's better if I teach you.
This is so irritating.
Did you want to betray me too?
Just like everyone else.
Don't think I'm scared of you. Robert.
It's not Robert you should be afraid of.
What?
Clever girl.
You've come to your senses.
Come on. help me.
I want a raise.
Okay. very well.
They'll come and take your body away.
And tell Holt he can use lethal force on those Losers.
Yelena!
Little one.
Leave me alone.
No. of course not.
Oh. well. but follow me forever.
I'm going to do it. because that's what
a family does.
You don't care about me. shut up.
Or else. you would have called me.
And you never called me.
I lost my sister again.
But forever.
And you disappeared.
My beautiful little girl. forgive me.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm no good at this.
I didn't think you wanted to see me.
Of course you do.
Now I know.
A little late. but...
Here I am.
I don't feel so alone.
I have nothing left in my life.
I'm home alone. looking at my phone.
thinking about the horrible things I've done...
before. and then I go to work. and then...
I drink. and then I go back home
where no one is.
And I just sit there thinking about the horrible things I've done over and over again.
and it drives me crazy.
We all have things to regret.
Yes. but I have too many.
My first test in the red room.
Anya was just a kid. she was so small.
Just like you.
I know.
I know those were dark times.
So. so much darkness. but...
But before...
You were so sweet and special when you were a child.
Had anyone told you?
If you entered a room. you filled it with light.
You were such a happy little girl.
I've already forgotten how it feels.
You were so cute.
Do you remember why you were the goalkeeper at your school? Awful soccer team?
Why?
So I didn't have to run so much?
No. or in part I did. but you told me...
I want to be the person everyone
trusts if they make a mistake.
That Lena is still inside you.
I still see her there.
Not me.
You're stuck. you're alone.
you only focus on the bad.
When I'm with you.
I don't see your mistakes.
That's why we need each other.
Okay. that made me feel good.
-Val.
-Yeah?
The cleaners at the penthouse say
there's no body there.
What?
I don't know what I'm seeing.
but it's not good.
Don't you get tired of fighting?
Let me help you.
Holt?
Are you seeing this?
That's...
Oh. no!
Let me go!
Get in the building. run!
Dad!
Step aside!
Mom!
You're safe. little one.
Everything's okay.
Everyone knows the truth.
They can't escape the void.
I think Bob has a dark side with superpowers.
We need to clear the streets.
You heard him!
Clear the streets!
Left here!
Get in the building!
Come on. left here!
Yelena!
Run. Everyone
has to get in.
Yelena. what are you doing?
It's like you said.
We're alone.
All of us.
No!
Yelena!
No. no. no. no. no!
No. no. no!
-No. no. no. no!
-Help me.
We have to take him.
Yelena!
Yelena. let's go!
Lunch will be over soon.
Why did you bring us so far away?
Anya. I'm Here!
Sorry.
Bob?
No.
Yelena!
Yelena. let's go!
Lunch will be over soon.
Why did you bring us so far?
No.
Anya. I'm here!
No. no. no!
No. no. no. no.
It's too late for that. friend.
Yelena!
Yelena. let's go!
Bob!
Lunch will be over soon.
Why did you bring us so far?
Anya. I'm here!
Bob!
We don't have time for this!
Stop!
Yelena!
Over there!
Get in there.
There you are.
I'll go get her.
And then what?
If she did that. it was for a reason.
And if she's dead. what then?
Huh?
What if you can't go back?
What if it isn't?
We can't know.
No. no. no. no.
Wait. I don't think Ava's wrong.
When we were in the vault.
I think I had a vision.
I went somewhere else. I can't
explain it. but...
Tell us what you saw.
That's enough. Bob.
I said that's enough.
Yelena?
Hi.
What's up?
I just want to talk. okay?
About what?
About everything we talked about
in the vault.
Hey!
What are you doing?
Not much. I'm just
seeing New York...
disappear behind an immense
maze of interconnected rooms...
shame.
Have you ever seen anything so strange in your entire life?
No. I don't know what I should say.
You'll say you're going to stop.
It's not me. Bob.
It's. it's. it's that.
It's the void.
Sometimes I have good days.
when I feel almost invincible.
But I also have bad days.
many days. when...
I know very well that nothing.
nothing matters. and so...
So you're just going to sit here and
let him dominate you?
And you think there's any point in fighting?
At least this room is comfortable.
The others are much worse.
It's a quiet and peaceful place.
What did you say?
Don't be disrespectful in my house?
Ignore him. he'll be done soon.
Almost there.
Say it again!
Say it again. Annie!
No. I shouldn't have said it.
Sorry.
Don't touch her.
The little man reveals himself.
Bob. be quiet.
Mom. no.
Our son. the hero.
Look at you.
-Bob. sit down.
-What are you going to do?
You're a hero. Bobby!
I want you to sit down.
You're making it worse.
You always make everything worse.
I'm sorry.
No. it's okay.
What I told you in the vault
was wrong. Bob.
You can't keep this.
You can't bear the pain alone.
No one can.
We have to let it out.
we have to spend time together.
And even though it wasn't that
the emptiness would disappear yet.
I promise you it will
feel lighter.
How do you know?
Because I've already experienced exactly what you're feeling.
And we can find a way out together.
Can you try coming with me?
Okay.
Careful!
Who's doing this. Bob?
I think it's me.
Just try to get used to it. okay?
Death doesn't exist here.
You're only going to feel more pain.
Fucking pillow!
Lena.
They came for us.
Are you all right with what you saw?
Yes. I'm fine.
I have a great past. I'm super fine.
This place is really horrible.
But we're together.
That's what matters.
Hey. thanks.
Really?
It's nothing.
We're Shane's elite electronic Thunderbolts.
This isn't Shane.
Okay. okay.
Does anyone know how to get out of here?
Well. as far as I've seen. there are only
infinite rooms.
You told me this was the quietest room and that the others are much worse.
right?
Yes.
Then take us to the worst one.
Where do you think you're going. Robert?
Nice guy.
That's the weirdest mission I've ever been a part of!
Yeah!
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah!
I'm coming!
Alfredo Bail Bonds
Oh no!
If you hit me with your sign
one more time...
I was high!
This way!
Get out. get out!
Now!
I've already been through here.
This is where it started.
I was wandering around Southeast Asia.
I was looking for something new in my life. or
at least more drugs.
I ran into someone who approached me to
tell me about a...
A clinical trial.
An experimental drug that would
make me stronger.
It seemed like a miracle.
I would finally show everyone
that there was more to me.
What was someone...
What does it matter.
And look what you released.
The most shameful thing about this...
is that you thought you could be anything more than...
A nobody.
We're leaving now.
No.
Stop!
Just...
Let them go.
Wait.
Do you really think they care about you?
You don't matter to anyone...
No one cares about you.
That's not true!
No!
Don't hurt him.
Robert. the hero.
I'm stronger than you.
You've got to see it.
Get up. Bobby!
Did you think you'd become a great man?
A savior?
You can't even save yourself.
You and I always go...
to be Alone.
Bob!
This isn't right.
Bob. leave him alone!
That's what he wants!
Bob!
I hug you!
It'll always be you and me.
Here I am.
You'll never be alone again.
You can do it.
Great work. Bob.
Thanks. Walker.
What are you talking about?
But what happened here?
Sorry. I'm feeling a little.
a little confused.
Are you serious?
Are you okay?
Yes.
I feel great.
Yes!
I need an extraction immediately!
What?
No!
I don't have backup!
I need help!
I'm going to kill that girl.
Hey. no. no. no.
Let's see. let's see.
What's going to happen when I get my memory back?
Okay. walk.
Oh. me too?
Yes.
From now on we'll stay together.
Oh. there you go.
We have to arrest her.
or you'll kill her.
Is that what you want?
Well. maybe when I arrest her...
...I'll break some of her bones.
I do want to kill her.
Maybe when I get my memory back.
I can fix this mess.
I want to break her legs. even if it's just that.
Hey. let's see.
-Calm down.
-And you're dragging her...
We're all feeling a little upset.
-At least I understand.
-Hi.
Just let me go through here. and then...
Let's go for it.
Are we live?
Perfect.
For years I've been working in secret to develop a new era of protection.
And today the citizens of the United States
needed that protection.
And thanks to my hard work.
they had it.
Ladies and gentlemen. meet
the New Avengers.
You are ours now.
BASED ON THE MARVEL COMICS
THE AVENGERS?
NO. "MY AVENGERS"
NO!
REALLY? THE HEROES
NOBODY ASKED FOR
IS NEW ALWAYS BETTER?
I LIKE THEM
READY TO ROCK?
[EXCLUSIVE] SEEN: BOB WHAT? MYSTERY MAN WITH THE NEW AVENGERS
THE B-ENAGERS
THE BEST HOPE OR A BIG JOKE?
THE "HUH?" HEARD
ALL THE WORLD
CAN WE GET THERE?
HOW WILL THEY LEAD?
THUNDERBOLTS
ARE NOW:
THE NEW AVENGERS
Oh. that's too many options.
I can't decide today.
It has toasted whole grain flakes.
Whole grains. vitamins.
They give you energy.
good for kids. right?
Okay.
Thanks.
You're welcome!
I'm the one at the register.
14 MONTHS LATER
But we're the Avengers.
The government said so.
How can Sam Wilson not understand?
Well. he has the shield.
-I have a shield too.
-It's not a shield.
-Yes. it is a shield.
-It's disgusting.
That's a great shield. Bucky.
Okay. If Sam Wilson
puts together a team...
and that team is called The Avengers.
who are the real ones?
Well. it's the same thing the internet is asking...
And judging by the cruel memes I've been reading.
they're not choosing us.
Weren't you going to talk to him?
-Yes. I already did.
-So?
It didn't go very well.
I don't know what these buttons do.
They should have put down what it's for.
Do you know he registered the intellectual property?
-Really?
-Yes.
We're losing credibility.
And we already barely had it.
And now there's something big in space
that's in crisis. and they're not even telling us.
We're running out of space
so fast. it's impossible.
The building is huge.
Why are you like this?
Outer space.
Run a threat analysis.
I want a full report.
Running threat analysis.
What's up. team?
And that suit. what?
I heard what Sam Wilson said.
He's a very foolish and defiant man.
But I'm better.
I'm a very smart man.
with a clever solution.
The Avengers.
The Avengers but with a "Z".
so there's no copyright.
No.
And it's very soft.
It feels just like a baby seal's bottom.
Do you want to feel it?
-You can touch it.
-I don't want to touch your seal bottom.
-I have one for you.
-No. no.
And I have one for you.
For you too.
And I brought one for you.
For you. Bob. hiding in
the corner pretending to read.
With matching outfits.
we're part of this super team.
Can you tell us
what you need?
Request a satellite image.
I want a satellite image.
-And it turns on.
-And it turns on. that's what I was going to say.
And turn on the...
There's no need to turn it on
if there was a...
A Sentry that could fly.
I know. sorry. You know
I'm sorry.
I still can't be a Sentry without...
without that other side...
I did the dishes. though.
What did you expect to do. fly...
riding Bob into the sky?
Yes!
Can you imagine it? The Red Guardian
crossing the sky...
Above Sentry. riding
among the clouds.
That's exactly why we're
The Avengers with a "Z".
Loading satellite image.
An extradimensional ship
is entering the atmosphere.
Extradimensional.
what does that mean?
Wow.
That's cool. the ship is there.
THE NEW AVENGERS
AND BOB WILL RETURN